https://github.com/Sam-Scott-McMaster/the-team-assignment-team-19

Name: Lukas Buehlmann
Student #: 400527570
GitHub ID: LukasBuehlmann

Name: Connor McEachern
Student #: 500527622
GitHub ID: ConnorMcEachern

Name: Kylie Gun
Student #: 400524717
GitHub ID: kyliegun

Name: Alexis Quilatan
Student #: 400507554
GitHub ID: yalexisq

Name: Xu(Shawn) Lin
Student #: 400116428
GitHub ID: XuShawnLin

Title of Project: 

High Level Description: Be as detailed as you can for each of the following:
  a. What kind of app, what will it do, how will the user use it?
  b. What is the context in which this app will be used?
  c. What constraints are there on your design?

This app will be a strategic battleship game designed for single player or multiplayer use. Users can play against an AI or friends 
by arranging ships on a grid and taking turns to locate and sink the opponent’s ships. With a simple setup and gameplay, players will 
select coordinates, and track performance statistics, including what they hit or miss, and achievements at the end. A constraint for 
this game would include not being able to place more than one ship on the same coordinates. The ships cannot overlap. Additionally, 
the grid game board has constraints as well, and will need to ensure that ships are placed within grid boundaries. As for gameplay 
constraints, the player can only go once before the next player’s turn. There is also a gameplay constraint of only being allowed to 
shoot within the size of the board. 


Each team member describing their role and what they will deliver:

Lukas:
I will be creating the computer opponent that the user can play against. It will have multiple levels of difficulty that can
be specified by a flag when running the initial command. Each level of difficulty will use a better strategy than the last 
which leaves room for increments in development. An example would be that the easiest difficulty is completely random and 
the hardest difficulty chooses the optimal move each turn. Methods will be controlled by main and will simulate the same 
actions as a player would.

Connor:
I will be in charge of testing and CI pipeline integration. I will set up test cases and ensure that new developments follow the design specs.
This includes making a yml build script to upload the app with GitHub actions. I will communicate with team members to create test cases that are up to
date with development so teammates can test their code as they develop. 

Kylie:
For this team project, I am responsible for the main function. I will be initializing key game elements such as the game boards, 
setting up initial ship placements, and establishing a foundational game structure. I will also be coordinating with other team members, specifically game logic, to successfully 
incorporate functions that are in the game logic program. The program will first call on functions from game logic to initialize the 
empty board. To place the ships, the main program will use functions from the game logic to assign the ships their locations. 
The main function will then go into a loop where players alternately attack each other's boards after ships have been configured. 
Game logic functions will take care of things like hitting and missing, changing board states, and updating player statistics within this 
loop. Lastly, once the game ends, so once all the ships of one player have sunk, the main function will conclude by displaying who won 
and the final statistics.

Alexis: For our Battleship game, the functionality I'm in charge of is the game logic.
The game logic includes setting up the game structure, handling the user’s choices, managing player turns, and determining ship placements. 
This includes implementing functions for initializing the game board, validating player moves, and ensuring that ship positions follow game rules. 
Additionally, I'll manage game states, such as tracking hits, misses, and win conditions.

Shawn: I will be responsible to developing the player ship placement logic ensuring they place the ships within the board with no overlays.
I will also be responsible for printing the boards to the terminal screen.


The Increments (at least 1): What functionality from each team member will be in each 
increment, what is your target date for each increment?

Increment 1 - Target date Nov. 20, 2024:
  Program can be run from terminal with flags for playing against computer. There is a proper --help option
  and documentation. A workflow and test cases are set up for a CI pipeline. There is one computer difficulty to play against.
  
  Lukas: make opponent AI
  Connor: make workflow, tests, and README.md
  Kylie: make a main function that calls game logic functions and handles flags
  Alexis: create the game logic and functions
  Shawn: ensure the printing function works to display the board and ships in the terminal

Increment 2 - Target date Nov. 27, 2024:
  Program now has options for multiple levels of computer difficulty. There is also an option to play against another
  player on the same command line which is decided by a flag on program startup. Program can also be set to play on an 
  N x M board size with a proportional amount of total ships. This is also specified as an optional flag.
  
  Lukas: create the new opponent difficulties
  Connor: add more test cases for the new possible constraints and situations
  Kylie: add more flag option handling and ability to play aginst another player
  Alexis: add ability for game to work with a variable sized board
  Shawn: add player ship placemnt choices option

Increment 3 - Target date Dec. 4, 2024:
  Program has statistics and achievements tracked throughout game. Abilities or powerups are added to give players more 
  creative options. Uses sockets to allow play against someone else on the same network (probably won't get this working
  in time). 

  Lukas: working on LAN play
  Connor: helping to set up sockets and more test cases
  Kylie: manage statistics and achievements
  Alexis: add abilities functions to game logic
  Shawn: add player ship placement check conditions to ensure the ships are placed within the board with no overlays.
        add privacy in the the print fucntion ensure the players can only see their own boards.



Game logic structure: November 15, 2024
Game logic code: November 19, 2024
Main code: November 19, 2024
Opponent AI: TBD
Testing: TBD


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~CHANGES MADE AS OF END OF PROJECT (end date: 05/12/2024)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A few of the goals of the program were removed by the end of this project. This includes the planned achievement system
which was never implemented into the game. We also decided to leave the game as versus a computer only, there is no 
local multiplayer option. These cuts to elements of the game were due to time constraints and are still possible to be
added into the game for a future increment. The remaining elements set out in our high level description have all been 
met as of this end date. The increments have also changed:

Increment 1 - finish date: Nov. 27, 2024:
  The program is functional and allows for gameplay between the player and a completely random computer opponent. A 
  wrokflow is created at this point to automate the integration process. The main difference between the original goal
  and the result is that it took a week longer than planned. All member responsibilities remained the same.

Increment 2 - finish date: Dec. 5, 2024:
  The game now allows for 3 different opponent difficulties to play against and is built to be easily modified in code 
  to work on an NxM board and can even have a variable amount of ships and lengths. The player can setup their own board
  however they like and the computer board is randomly generated with an optional seed setting ability for debugging.
  The testing workflow is fully automated and coverage reports are generated as well. There were many improvements to
  user friendliness and the robustness of program for handling improper input. As for changes from the original plan, 
  this is now being submitted as the final product instead of our more ambitious original goals for a third increment.
  There is no powerup, achievement system, or LAN capabilities, which was expected upon the creation of the original 
  development plan since these would be the last elements to work on if we found ourselves far ahead of schedule.