Updated Development Plan - November 27, 2024

https://github.com/Sam-Scott-McMaster/the-team-assignment-team-19

Name: Lukas Buehlmann
Student #: 400527570
GitHub ID: LukasBuehlmann

Name: Connor McEachern
Student #: 500527622
GitHub ID: ConnorMcEachern

Name: Kylie Gun
Student #: 400524717
GitHub ID: kyliegun

Name: Alexis Quilatan
Student #: 400507554
GitHub ID: yalexisq

Name: Xu(Shawn) Lin
Student #: 400116428
GitHub ID: XuShawnLin

Title of Project: Sinking ships

Increment 1 - Target date Nov. 20, 2024:
  The player board prints and they can see the locations of their randomly placed ships. The player can see the opponent's blank
  board while they choose the target. The player can shoot to two coordinates at a time on the opponent's board.
  Program can be run from terminal with flags for playing against computer. There is a proper --help option
  and documentation. A workflow and test cases are set up for a CI pipeline. There is one computer difficulty to play against.
  Message appears once all boards have been hit.

  Work completed.
  
  Lukas: make opponent AI
  Connor: make workflow, tests, and README.md
  Kylie: make a main function that calls game logic functions and handles flags
  Alexis: create the game logic and functions
  Shawn: ensure the printing function works to display the board and ships in the terminal

Increment 2 - Target date Dec. 2, 2024:
  Program now has options for multiple levels of computer difficulty. There is also an option to play against another
  player on the same command line which is decided by a flag on program startup. Program can also be set to play on an 
  N x M board size with a proportional amount of total ships. This is also specified as an optional flag.
  
  Lukas: create the new opponent difficulties
  Connor: add more test cases for the new possible constraints and situations
  Kylie: add more flag option handling and ability to play aginst another player
  Alexis: add ability for game to work with a variable sized board
  Shawn: add player ship placemnt choices option

Increment 3 - Target date Dec. 4, 2024:
  Program has statistics and achievements tracked throughout game. Abilities or powerups are added to give players more 
  creative options. Uses sockets to allow play against someone else on the same network (probably won't get this working
  in time). 

  Lukas: working on LAN play
  Connor: helping to set up sockets and more test cases
  Kylie: manage statistics and achievements
  Alexis: add abilities functions to game logic
  Shawn: add player ship placement check conditions to ensure the ships are placed within the board with no overlays.
        add privacy in the the print fucntion ensure the players can only see their own boards.

